+++
abstract = "We examined the effect of item-specific and relational encoding instructions on false recognition in two experiments in which the DRM paradigm was used (Deese, 1959; Roediger & McDermott, 1995). Type of encoding (item-specific or relational) was manipulated between subjects in Experiment 1 and within subjects in Experiment 2. Decision-based explanations (e.g., the distinctiveness heuristic) predict reductions in false recognition in between-subjects designs, but not in within-subjects designs, because they are conceptualized as global shifts in decision criteria. Memory-based explanations predict reductions in false recognition in both designs, resulting from enhanced recollection of item-specific details. False recognition was reduced following item-specific encoding instructions in both experiments, favoring a memory-based explanation. These results suggest that providing unique cues for the retrieval of individual studied items results in enhanced discrimination between those studied items and critical lures. Conversely, enhancing the similarity of studied items results in poor discrimination among items within a particular list theme. These results are discussed in terms of the item-specific/relational framework (Hunt & McDaniel, 1993)."

authors = ["Mazen Alamir", "Patrick Bonnay", "Francois Bonne", "Vuong V. Trinh"]
date = "Sep 6, 2017"
image_preview = ""
math = true
publication_types = ["2"]
publication = "In *Journal of Process Control*"
publication_short = ""
selected = false
title = "Fixed-point based hierarchical MPC control design for a cryogenic refrigerator"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_pdf = "pub/alamir2017a.pdf"
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""

[[url_custom]]
name = "View Journal Article"
url = "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jprocont.2017.09.006"

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

In this paper, a simple, general and scalable hierarchical control framework is proposed and validated through the interconnection of the Joule–Thomson and the Brayton cycle stages of a cryogenic refrigerator. The proposed framework enables to handle the case of destabilizing interconnections through state and/or control signals (which is the case of the cryogenic refrigerator example). Moreover, it offers the possibility to simply change the behavior of the overall system (depending on the context) by only changing the coordinator problem's parameters without changing the set of local controllers used by subsystems which is a common industrial requirement regarding industrial control architectures. Finally, the proposed scheme enables a smooth operator handover on a specific subsystem and/or actuator.


